has by doing its taklif here and this is
gonna be a short video about the NBA
2k13 cover that was trending on Twitter
and I guess I don't know how people got
a hold of it or how people got clues to
the future but basically that pixelated
version of the cover that you're seeing
now on in via two K's or 2k sports
Facebook rather is going to look exactly
like this and basically what you have
here is a tarantula a couple of roses a
bird's eye can't really define what the
bird is maybe some sort of eagle I mean
the feathers look extremely weird to be
an eagle but not really anything I have
in particular that could relate to a
team or even a player even and then you
have a thrones of the background as you
can see right there so let me just cover
the obvious stuff first tarantula I
think that relates to Kevin Durant
because his nickname is durantula and if
you didn't know that then now you know
because he has a extremely long wingspan
and I guess he has 88 arms so you know
got that nickname and obviously Derrick
Rose's last name contributes to the
roses so that's another hint you have
the thrones of the background which
obviously resembles a king and there's
only one guy with the nickname within
King James so LeBron James Kevin Durant
and Derrick Rose so far but there's been
some people contemplating on what the
bird could be maybe can mean a high
flyer but so far what I've got out of it
is either Blake Griffin or Kobe Bryant
so I don't know how exactly it relates
to Kobe but they know he does have that
sort of Scott blue thing going I don't
know somewhere but anyways I would put
money on Blake Griffin King James
derrick rose and the ranch Allah so over
all those are the four players now I
don't know if
they're going to have you you know pick
one lock out of the cover athletes or if
they're all going to be another cover
together like a multi cover or you know
like they did last year with NBA 2k12
they had Larry Bird Magic Johnson
Michael Jordan on the cover maybe you
get to pick for this year it just just
as a sort of a thriller I guess to
uncover sookay as you can probably tell
already there were a ton of tweets about
it and this game is going to explode and
that's one way to definitely market a
game uncover 2k I basically saw everyone
doing it so I mean it got trending is
probably most trending topic of the day
not Sports Center was doing it a
well-known Twitter account so anyways
tell me anything else that you may know
any other information that you may have
dug up about this topic and also if you
were to pick one let's say if there was
just you could pick one person per cover
which one would you pick and why I'll go
with Derrick Rose simply because these
one of my favorite players out of that
list and you know just come back from
injury be nice a nice little welcoming
gift for him to be on the cover so you
know I'll get it for him I guess if I
had to choose one player out of that so
anyways hope you have found this video
informative and I hope you guys have
enjoyed and as always a nice day